feat(sigs): Submit proposal for a documentation SIG (#20)
spinnaker/community: sig-documentation/README.md

# Proposal: Spinnaker Documentation Special Interest Group

## Roles & Responsibilities of the SIG Leads

> ### SIG Lead(s):

Reviewer: cc @ezimanyi -- someone from your side?

Reviewer 2: @dorbin: Is this something you'd be interested in being a part of?

Reviewer 3: Yes, and in fact I was just in communication with Brian and with Ben Klein about this. I'm glad Brian's taking the lead on this, and I definitely want to be a part of it.

**[Brian Le](https://github.com/brian-armory)**  
Technical Writer at Armory

**[Ben Klein](https://github.com/fifthposition)**  
Technical Writer at Pivotal

TBD

### SIG Lead Responsibility

1. Coordinate communication.
2. Set meeting dates and objectives for the coming year.
3. Curate agenda for each meeting.
4. Raise awareness and invite appropriate participants.
5. Encourage and foster an inclusive environment.
6. Facilitate the identification and development of resources (people or funding) in support of documentation for Spinnaker.

### Meeting Cadence
 - 1 hour every month on Google Hangouts
 - TBD of every month at TBD PM PST

# Responsibilities

## Description

> Documentation SIG is responsible for the direction and organization of the Spinnaker documentation on https://www.spinnaker.io/. The SIG also acts as a place where users and developers can find collaborators and get help creating or modifying documentation.

Reviewer: IMO: The documentation SIG should also be taking an active role in proposing and driving initiatives for code-driven doc generation. Take for example our swagger documentation. Take for example our public API or event stream.

Author: I think that's a good idea. @dorbin and @fifthposition, what are your thoughts?

Reviewer 4: That sounds right to me.

# Spinnaker Documentation Special Interest Group

## Roles & Responsibilities of the SIG Leads

### SIG Lead(s):

**[Brian Le](https://github.com/brian-armory)**  
Technical Writer at Armory

**[Ben Klein](https://github.com/fifthposition)**  
Technical Writer at Pivotal

**[David Dorbin](https://github.com/dorbin)**  
Technical Writer at Google

### SIG Lead Responsibility

1. Coordinate communication.
2. Set meeting dates and objectives for the coming year.
3. Curate agenda for each meeting.
4. Raise awareness and invite appropriate participants.
5. Encourage and foster an inclusive environment.
6. Facilitate the identification and development of resources (people or funding) in support of documentation for Spinnaker.

### Meeting Cadence
 - 1 hour every month on Google Hangouts
 - TBD of every month at TBD PM PST

# Responsibilities

## Description

> Documentation SIG is responsible for the direction and organization of the Spinnaker documentation on https://www.spinnaker.io/. The SIG also acts as a place where users and developers can find collaborators and get help creating or modifying documentation.

Reviewer 5: The scope of the SIG should be narrowed slightly to exclude the documentation around the governance of the project, which are owned by the steering committee.

SIG leads and members will develop, maintain, and prioritize a backlog of documentation projects and requests. These projects and requests are macro-level issues, such as organization. They are independent of releases and features.  This prioritization will be published as the Documentation SIG Roadmap.

## Scope of Work and Goals

* Encourage Spinnaker adoption by creating helpful documentation.
* Establish a common framework for evaluating and improving documentation.
* Develop, encourage, and maintain a clearly defined structure and organization for the Spinnaker documentation.

> * Assist developers and SIGs with creating documentation for new features in Spinnaker.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Help developers and SIGs create documentation for new features in Spinnaker.
```

* Propose and drive initiatives for code-driven doc generation.

> * Facilitate community contributions to the Spinnaker documentation by creating templates and style guides.

Reviewer 3: Would add...
* Maintain and improve the platform for building and publishing spinnaker.io.
